what's up everybody what up everybody
how you guys doing so the internet is
all up in a buzz about Eagles wide
receiver Riley Cooper making this
statement shaded by every meter here
answered by every mirror here now for
the life of me I can't understand why
people get so pissed off when people
make statements I could care less what
you call me it really doesn't matter to
me and as long as individuals in this
world allow a word to get them all bent
out of shape any time someone has a
disagreement with you they will turn
around and they will use that word on it
if a woman allows a man to know that a
particular word will bother her well
that man will continue to use that word
anytime that he wants to get under her
skin and some of these racist pricks
they do the same thing any time they are
losing an argument anytime they're
trying to make a point any time they're
trying to degrade you they'll whip the
word out and if you're going to give
them an angry response then you just
played right into their hands people
need to learn how to ignore words learn
how to look at people when you just say
alright this is a stupid person i'm not
going to pay them any attention that's
what bigger people do instead if you can
get all bent out of shape mad pissed all
running on ram wasting your time talking
about nonsense which we personally i
really don't care call me whatever you
want to okay words not taking one single
cent out of my pocket but I won't tell
you this this NFL season all over
something just got a little bit more
interesting you see Riley Cooper is a
wide receiver wide receivers are often
acts to go over the middle of the field
in the middle of the field you have some
of the hardest hitters on the football
field now a lot of those guys just so
happen to be African Americans a lot of
your heart hitting safeties they happen
to be african-american so to mr. Riley
Cooper
yeah I don't know how I'm gonna go the
middle right about now because some of
those black folks who you might just
have offended like the middle linebacker
for the San Francisco 49ers all of the
safeties in your division the bigger
ones the hitters yeah those guys may
just want to action when you catch that
ball across the field I'm just saying
peace